[Music]
12 mistakes that make you look bad in
beach photos we all want vacation
pictures that will be cool enough to
show to our friends and post on social
networks however ridiculous posture or
the wrong angle make us hide most of the
pictures in the depths of our gadgets
memory here are the 12 most common
mistakes we make when posing for summer
photos from now you will be worthy of
magazine covers on your pictures number
12 double way the wrong position your
legs are in the same line creating an
effect of a wide leg and spoiling a
beautiful picture what is the correct
position one leg is above the other both
legs are easily seen don't merge and
look graceful
[Music]
number 11 knees facing the camera when
the knees face the camera the body and
limbs look short the half turned
position is the correct one it
emphasizes the curves and the legs are
clearly seen number 10 view from the top
a view from above disrupts the
proportions of the face the neck
disappears and everything becomes heavy
what's the best solution take a photo at
eye level this will maintain the
proportions and the neck will be seen
[Music]
number 9 accent is not on the face
because of the wrong angle the neck may
seem unnatural and the body may look
shapeless the correct position is the
same position from a different angle the
focus should be on the face also you
will feel more comfortable in this pose
[Music]
number eight too close to water
if the chin is too close to the water
the neck will disappear and the
proportions of the face will be broken
[Music]
therefore there should be at least four
to six inches 10 to 15 centimeters
between the chin and the water then the
neck will be clearly seen and all
attention will be turned to the face
[Music]
number seven on the knees
this pose can make your waist on the
lower part of your legs disappear it
simply looks unnatural here's the
correct position the after position will
create curved lines and emphasize
beautiful shapes number six soldier
position this pose deprives the body of
curves the person looks angular and the
knees completely disappear what is the
correct position a slightly turned
position it emphasizes body curves and
the right position of the legs makes
them slimmer and longer number five feet
facing the camera the more the foot is
directed into the camera the shorter the
legs will seem
[Music]
therefore you should turn a little then
you'll get beautiful clear curved lines
[Music]
number four same pictures like it or not
a sitting position isn't always good
what is a good alternative the half
flying pose slightly crow's feet will
make you look even more elegant number
three knees close to the chest
[Music]
the closer the legs are to the chest the
more it violates the proportions of your
body what should you do
[Music]
the half flying position where one leg
is in front of the other who emphasize
the elegant lines of your body number
two don't lean on things when the hand
supports the head it makes the picture
heavy and the person looks tired that's
why you should never put your whole body
on a lounger join the knees together and
rest on a slightly bent arm number one
watch your posture because of poor
posture a belly appeared and the neck
disappeared it doesn't look gorgeous
right therefore don't slouch all you
need to make the pose more elegant this
is straighten your back and this rule
works not only during photoshoots bonus
of course there are lots of rules
however don't forget that the main thing
in a good picture is not a perfect pose
body or angle its emotions a wrong pose
with a bright sincere and emotional
picture will please others and get into
your memory album don't forget to share
this video with those who love posing
for pictures and taking photos hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to join the bright side of
life
[Music]